hi guys thanks for joining me for part
two of the eggs benedict recipe we're
gonna get straight on into it because
I'm hungry so what you're going to need
is a English muffin now I've made mine
from scratch I might stick up a video
later on I've had to how to do that but
if you just got the English muffin from
the supermarket we're just gonna split
them toast them and then stick them on a
plate and when it's kind of lightly
butter them while we're doing this we
are cooking some strips of bacon as you
see here make sure your hand is on a
high heat you don't want to boil the
bacon you want to fry it a little bit
oil the fat and the bacon will render
itself out so it'll cook it and the fat
as well so lightly fry your bacon and
then once it's done you can put it on
some paper towels to get rid of the
excess oil and fat and if you guys
haven't checked out my poached egg video
a little link here you can check it out
but basically we just got our pot of
water here really put in our poached
eggs now always do your poached eggs one
at a time two in the same pot really
don't go along well together so be
patient 180 good time and then we can
once they cook we can move on to
construct our eggs benedict breakfast so
like I said we've got our English muffin
yep
lightly buttered no unless you can
either put down some hollandaise sauce
before our bacon I haven't chosen not to
so he's going to put lay it out strips
of bacon across our English muffin and
then of course on top of that goes our
poached eggs so you can have one you can
have two you can even have three if
you're really up for it so two eggs here
and now finally our hollandaise sauce
that we've prepared earlier in our
earlier video now like I said you've
just warm this up slightly so we can
dress this across the top of our eggs
now put a liberal amount on you don't
want to go not enough you don't want to
go too much it can be quite sickening if
you quite
rich and sickening if you have too much
of it so just go easy on it so as in
seer this is running off her eggs and to
finish this recipe off chopped up
parsley but a cracked pepper across the
top of it Bob is your uncle there you
have it
look and very easy Eggs Benedict and I
bet you didn't have to go and pay lots
of money at the cafe for it so there you
have it I hope you guys enjoy it I am
definitely gonna be having this next
Sunday morning I hope you too I hope you
do as well